# Phase Correction in 4D Spectra

There are several ways for phase correction in 4D spectra.

## Solution 1: find the optimum PHC0, PHC1 values from the measured 2D plane of the 4D spectrum.
Example data: `Carbonic_Anhydrase_II_wt/AIffinity_850/8`
- `xfb` for FT transform of the raw 2D plane
- `2 STSI 900` followed by `xfb` to remove the irrelevant HN shift region including the water line.
- `.ph` for manual phase correction
- ... and then ????

## SOLUTION 2: extract 2D planes from the NUS-reconstructed 4D spectrum to find the optimum PHC0, PHC1 values. I am not sure if this is the right way to do it.

- `rpl` to extract a 2D plane (e.g. HN-N) from the 4D
- `xht1` followed by `xht2` to create the missing imaginary points.
- `.ph` for manual phase correction
- Once you find the optimum PHC0, PHC1 values for the direct dimension (F2 in the 2D), apply them by typing `2 PHC0 0` 
and `2 PHC1 0`. Alternatively, insert them manually in PROCPARS.
- `xf2p` to correct the phase only in the F2 direction. 

## SOLUTION 3: extract the F3-F4 projection to find the optimum PHC0, PHC1 values. 

1. **NUS Reconstruction:**
   - Execute `ftnd 0` for NUS reconstruction.

2. **Extract Projections:**
   - Use the command `projplp 34 all all 34` to extract the 34 projection.

3. **Create Imaginary Dimensions:**
   - Run `xht1` and `xht2` on the 34 projection to create the imaginary dimensions.

4. **Phase Correction:**
   - Phase correct only on F4.
   - Note: The process was not completed because Karel had to leave, and it was unclear whether the new PHC0 and 
PHC1 values were saved to the 34 projection.

5. **Apply Phase Correction to 4D:**
   - Copy the PHC0 and PHC1 values to the 4D spectrum.
   - Execute `pknd 4` (WARNING: very slow!; may be faster to redo `ftnd 0`)

# Baseline Correction

Baseline correction does not have a significant effect on 4D spectra. It should be considered a final touch that 
does not affect the peak shape.
